Ingredients

1/2 cup unsalted natural peanut butter
3 tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
2 teaspoons brown sugar (see Tip)
2 teaspoons hot sauce, such as Sriracha
1 (14 ounce) package extra-firm or firm tofu (see Tip)
4 teaspoons canola oil, divided
1 (14 ounce) package frozen (not thawed) pepper stir-fry vegetables
2 tablespoons finely chopped or grated fresh ginger
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups fresh snow peas, trimmed
2 tablespoons water, plus more if needed
4 tablespoons unsalted roasted peanuts
2 cups cooked brown rice

Step 1: Combine peanut butter, vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, and hot sauce in a medium bowl; whisk until smooth. Set aside. 

Step 2: Drain tofu; pat dry with a paper towel. Cut into 1/2-inch cubes; pat dry again.

Step 3: Heat 2 tsp. oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. 
	Add half the tofu and let cook, undisturbed, until lightly browned underneath, about 2 minutes. 
	Stir and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until browned all over, 1 to 2 minutes. 
	Transfer to a plate. Add 1 tsp. oil to the pan, then the remaining tofu; repeat. 

Step 4: Add the remaining 1 tsp. oil to the pan. Add frozen vegetables, ginger, and garlic; 
	stir-fry until the ginger and garlic are fragrant and the vegetables have thawed, 2 to 3 minutes. 
	Stir in snow peas. Add water, cover and cook until the peas are crisp-tender, 3 to 4 minutes. 

Step 5: Push the vegetables to the edges of the pan. Add the reserved peanut sauce to the center and cook, stirring, until hot, about 30 seconds. 
	Stir the vegetables into the sauce. Add the reserved tofu and cook, stirring, until heated through, 30 to 60 seconds.
	If necessary, add more water to make a creamy sauce. Sprinkle each serving with 1 Tbsp. peanuts; serve with rice.

Tips: If using a sugar substitute, we recommend Splenda Brown Sugar Blend. Follow package directions for 2 tsp. 
	equivalent. Nutrition Per Serving with Substitute: Same as below except CAL 506, CARB 47g (sugars 9g), POTASSIUM 316mg.
